Update README.md (#384)
jfrog/project-examples: artifactory-maven-plugin-example/README.md

<br><br>

> For more information about managing your maven packages with an [Artifactory Maven repository](https://jfrog.com/integration/maven-repository/) visit [Artifactory's documentation page](https://docs.jfrog-applications.jfrog.io/ci-and-sdks/ci-integrations/maven-artifactory-plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about managing your maven packages with an [Artifactory Maven repository](https://jfrog.com/integration/maven-repository/) visit [Artifactory's documentation page](https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-artifactory-documentation/maven-repository).
```
